{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid203\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid402\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid403\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh10200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Natalie Feibish\
RNS Employment Application\
Project 2: Additional Questions\
October 26, 2015\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\i\fs30 \cf2 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You are asked to add a plugin to the site to restrict access to a section of the site to only paid subscribers. Which plugin would you recommend? Discuss how you selected this plugin and any criteria you used for review.
\i0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}There were a few plugins that I considered. If I were to make the decision about which to purchase, I would most likely download demos of the top 3 choices and see which were most intuitive and powerful. However, my assignment was to pick one somewhat quickly, so I choose 
\b Leaky Paywall 
\b0 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://zeen101.com/leakypaywall/"}}{\fldrslt https://zeen101.com/leakypaywall/}}).\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl2\cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}I chose this plugin because it appears to be updated often and has had positive reviews by several review sites. The fact that it is an established product with a support staff tells me that if there are problems, there would be somewhere to turn. It is worth the money, to me, to know that I am getting a secure, maintained product.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}I like especially that it follows a metered paywall model \'97 this has been effective in the past for gaining my business \'97 it allows content to be shared on Facebook and other social media sites even if it is behind a paywall. I know that for some services, content behind a paywall is completely hidden so will get less attention despite being premium content.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}There are several features and methods to customize service for both the subscriber and the business. This would give RNS the ability to try different models and choose the one most effective for them as opposed to having to guess beforehand.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\i \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Authors/editors would like to be able to preview their stories to see how they look on different devices/screen sizes. What tool(s) would you recommend?
\i0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl2\cf2 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}If the only criteria were to be different screen sizes, simply resizing the window in a few browsers would be about 90% effective. Happily, most modern browsers are more consistent in presentation than they used to be; that being said, some devices add a bit of uncertainty to this problem and there are many of them to consider. \
\ls5\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}To fully address this problem, the developer should run a more in-depth diagnostic of the main theme in order to ensure consistency across browsers, operating systems, etc, or at least a graceful degradation. If the main design is solid, chances are good individual stories will appear with consistency, especially if input using a CMS or template.\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u8259 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The tool I have used for this is 
\b BrowserStack
\b0  ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.browserstack.com/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.browserstack.com/}}). It is a bit pricey, but the time saved by not having to search out devices makes it worth it. Because of the price, I would not recommend this for all contributors, but again for the developers of the theme or design.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}